what's up everybody its grim and I just
got out of Extreme Rules 2014 what a
show and I want to review it for you
guys right now guess what happened they
lit Caine on fire
I seriously think it was part 2 I was
pretty close and I seen his fucking
shoulders were beet red oh my god that
was extreme you know they really made me
care about a match that I really didn't
give too much fucks about I mean we all
kind of knew that Kane was gonna win I
mean Kane was gonna lose right but
they've made that match good I like that
whole spot with the forklift and
everything the dining headbutt off the
pallet fucking nailed it that match was
supreme Daniel Bryan kicked ass and you
want to know what household enough
science the whole damn show you could
see it wearing the old Ebony czar
Middle's Dorf gear hold it up the Bree
Bree Bree sign the one away sign and
also hockey's the worst part was you
couldn't see it during the cage match
failed it times two that really sucked
but you know what it was really fun um I
was so happy that Bray Wyatt won the
crowd was singing he's got the whole
world in his hands that was fantastic
and really fun too and I was so happy to
see Bray Wyatt win that match and what a
good match I really like the way it
ended with that kid you know with the
crazy voice and I hope they keep that
kick that's a really friggin funny holy
sheep shit on the shingle the shield
roots the evolution that could be like
match of the year
did you see the spots that those guys
did in that match he got well it was it
Seth Rollins jumping off the balcony ECW
style there was so much intent intense
moves in that match it was insane and I
was really happy to see the shield win
I picked evolution to win and I couldn't
heavy happier to be wrong because I said
I wanted the shield to win I did not
want evolution to win but I really
thought that they would
I think WWE did everything right
everything right that they possibly
could with this pay-per-view it was
fuckin phenomenal and what a matchup
between the shield and evolution if you
guys didn't see you definitely gotta go
watch it right now
the shield they kicked ass oh and you
know what else they keep walking right
past me
when they came in for their entrance so
check that out you might see me bad news
Barrett won the Intercontinental
Championship from Big E and in this
matchup
bad news Barrett he was a good guy he
was getting cheered big he was getting
booed out of the place nobody gave a
shit about him so the crowd got exactly
what they wanted and they put the title
on bad news Barrett and I like his whole
little chant he's got going he's like
bad news bad news bad news so bad news
Barrett
number one in my books this guy was
fucking great what a show it was a
decent match - oh you know what else
they had the triple threat match with
RVD and Cesaro and Jack Swagger that
match was pretty good - I couldn't say a
bad thing about this pay-per-view I mean
I enjoyed everything maybe just because
the excitement of being there and being
so close to the ring made it extra good
for me but I thought it was epic what a
matchup and did you see the moves that
Cesaro pulled off he did like that
suplex he suplex him from the outside in
and he did those uppercuts the moves
that Cesaro pulls off our frigging
supreme this guy's amazing he's gonna be
a rising star so keep your eyes on
Cesaro cuz he's great and I really hate
to admit it but you know what wasn't
half-bad alright it was bad but some of
the spots were good the we LC it was
dumb it was corny and and some of the
spots you could see they totally waited
for and setup but whatever but those
fucking guys took some hard-ass bombs so
I got to respect the hell out of that
and actually made it entertaining and it
even got a this is awesome chant from
the crowd so I can't deny it
those guys busted their ass and they
made it better than I thought it would
be so nailed it to those guys and then
the highlight of the show
Lana's ass and her ass was right in my
face the whole time I loved it and and
sometimes she was hanging over the ring
and you can see down her tits that was
fantastic
- um but rusev he kicked the shit out of
poor r-truth and Xavier woods I don't
think Xavier woods even fucking did
anything he took a superkick in the
beginning it didn't do shit well we all
expected rusev to win he won
hey hey crush him I love the whole the
whole Putin thing that Lana did in the
beginning what a fantastic fantastic
gimmick especially with what's going on
over there in the Ukraine right now they
nailed that and they didn't add any
matches to this show I thought they
would have added like the Usos and
rybaxel or something what a waste
but you know what was a waste and you
only managed to kind of bored me a
little bit was Paige and Tamina and it
wasn't a bad match I just think it way
too long it had some six months
especially went to Mina whiffed age into
the barricade whatever the fuck you call
that thing that was pretty sick I felt
bad for Paige because right when she
retained her Divas Championship if you
look right behind her you see the giant
sign one away that was me
sorry Paige I love you you're hot sit on
my face any day of the week
I didn't mean to hold the water way sign
behind your head so anyway what a
friggin great show Extreme Rules go
watch it again look for all my signs
it was so much fun I nailed the shit out
of it in the crowd thank you guys for
watching please like this video leave a
comment and subscribe for more
oh yeah unfollow me on Twitter and go to
my website choice show com
I'm sitting here in traffic waiting for
these fucks again on my way get the fuck
out of my way you fuckers just create
some combos